hey guys trying to do a quick video
right here alright well like I was
saying I would download it uh I was
trying to download wrath which King off
of Moulton while for the private server
and about 70% it stopped and it pissed
me off so I was like maybe I'm this
teeny the retail disc so I tried the
retail disc and I still don't know if I
need to download burning through say too
cuz I downloaded wrath which King and
for some reason doesn't work like I said
do not use this that's the launcher use
why Alexi well it's supposed to be in
this folder somewhere and I don't know
if they just changed the name or
something because I don't see in here
and I found this and I was like okay
maybe that's it so I took that too took
that too this and I tried it and it said
this application is filled to read to
start because decode whatever decoder
was not found reinstalling the
application may fix this problem well I
don't really wanna read install it
because you know or we all know that Wow
takes hours of download and this doesn't
work either if you can read that and
then a lot of people said like a lot of
my friends were like use the repair
thing well hopefully this will come back
up soon because right now so the servers
down and it takes a little bit to come
up and hopefully someone out there or
comment on this and help me out and
reward you guys Ward you whoever does it
over helps me out but I don't know if
there's some way for me to like download
it online or do I need to really install
it like as if I have to I will already
install it but I don't want to but
someone I will reward you
just like telemetry reward is what's
your or what you want your reward to be
so you know like like a lot of gold I'll
make an account just earn a lot of gold
and then give it to you like seriously
I'm dead serious other yeah see that's
the prepare thing
Kinect should I say to to download okay
please try again so guys well hopefully
there's someone out there that knows
what to do maybe a Moulton while GM or
whatever they're called will look at
this and tell me how to fix it because I
am really getting madder now but yeah
someone our comment below and tell me
how and you'll get rewarded whatever
whatever you want alright guys thanks